Add `openApp` method (#263)
sindresorhus/open: readme.md

// Specify app arguments.
await open('https://sindresorhus.com', {app: {name: 'google chrome', arguments: ['--incognito']}});

> // Open app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Open an app
```

await open.openApp('xcode');

> // Open app with arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Open an app with arguments
```

- [`firefox`](https://www.mozilla.org/firefox) - Web browser
- [`edge`](https://www.microsoft.com/edge) - Web browser

> ### open.openApp(name, appArguments?, options?)

Reviewer: I would prefer the `appArguments` to be in options.

> 

Reviewer: Should describe what it does.

Returns a promise for the [spawned child process](https://nodejs.org/api/child_process.html#child_process_class_childprocess). You would normally not need to use this for anything, but it can be useful if you'd like to attach custom event listeners or perform other operations directly on the spawned process.

#### name

> 

Reviewer: These should include `Type` like the other documented parameters and options.

- [`firefox`](https://www.mozilla.org/firefox) - Web browser
- [`edge`](https://www.microsoft.com/edge) - Web browser

### open.openApp(name, options?)

Open an app.

Returns a promise for the [spawned child process](https://nodejs.org/api/child_process.html#child_process_class_childprocess). You would normally not need to use this for anything, but it can be useful if you'd like to attach custom event listeners or perform other operations directly on the spawned process.

#### name

Type: `string`

The app name is platform dependent. Don't hard code it in reusable modules. For example, Chrome is `google chrome` on macOS, `google-chrome` on Linux and `chrome` on Windows. If possible, use [`open.apps`](#openapps) which auto-detects the correct binary to use.

You may also pass in the app's full path. For example on WSL, this can be `/mnt/c/Program Files (x86)/Google/Chrome/Application/chrome.exe` for the Windows installation of Chrome.

#### options

Type: `object`

> The options are like the options in [`open`](#options) except to remove `options.app` and add the following options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Same options as [`open`](#options) except `app` and with the following additions:
```

##### arguments

> Type: `Array<string>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type: `string[]`\
```

Default: `[]`

> 

Reviewer: Missing the description from index.d.ts
